document adjusting websdk config dynamically (#2373)
SoftwareAG/c8y-docs: content/web/application-configuration-bundle/application-options.md

setting points to an application deployed to your tenant. To create this application on your
own ceate a zip file called `public-options.zip` and add a `options.json` to it:

```json
{
  hideNavigator: true
}
```

If you upload this application to your tenant and subscribe it to at least one of your subtenants,
all Web SDK based applications hide the navigator by default.

{{< c8y-admon-info >}}
If you are an {{< enterprise-tenant >}} customer, the easiest way to manipulate this options is to use the
branding manager in administration. It allows you to set most of the settings without the need to
manually generate a JSON file and upload any applications.
{{</ c8y-admon-info >}}

The static private option can only be defined by a custom application. They
are the lowest option level and can be overwritten by any of the upper options (1 and 2). They
are also private, meaning they only apply to the current application they are applied to. You can
define those options in the `cumulocity.config.ts` file by adding them to the `runTime` fragment:

```ts
[...]
export default {
  runTime: {
    [...]
    hideNavigator: true
  },
}
[...]
```

> The options in the `cumulocity.config.ts` file can also be set dynamically at build time by e.g. accessing environment variables:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The options in the `cumulocity.config.ts` file can also be set dynamically at build time by e.g. accessing environment variables:
```suggestion
The options in the `cumulocity.config.ts` file can also be set dynamically at build time, for example, by accessing the environment variables:

```
```

```ts
[...]
export default {
  runTime: {
    [...]
    hideNavigator: process.env.C8Y_HIDE_NAVIGATOR === 'true'
  },
}
[...]
```

> By setting the environment variable `C8Y_HIDE_NAVIGATOR` to `true` before building the application via `ng build` you could adjust the behavior of the application. On linux systems you could run the build command with that environment option just set like this:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
By setting the environment variable `C8Y_HIDE_NAVIGATOR` to `true` before building the application via `ng build` you can adjust the behavior of the application. On Linux systems you can run the build command with that environment option just set like this:

```

```sh
C8Y_HIDE_NAVIGATOR=true ng build
```

> In case you have for example different "flavors" of your application, you could also switch between the different flavors via an environment variable in your `cumulocity.config.ts`:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you have, for example, different "flavors" of your application, you can also switch between the different flavors via an environment variable in your `cumulocity.config.ts`:

```
